cpp: Add SLINT_EMBED_RESOURCES target property to our CMake support code (#2332)
slint-ui/slint: api/cpp/docs/cmake.md

* Install Rust by following the [Rust Getting Started Guide](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started). If you already
  have Rust installed, make sure that it's at least version 1.60 or newer. You can check which version you have installed
  by running `rustc --version`. Once this is done, you should have the ```rustc``` compiler and the ```cargo``` build system installed in your path.

> * **[cmake](https://cmake.org/download/)** (3.23 or newer)

Reviewer: Don't we have to also bump the `cmake_minimum_required(VERSION ...)` calls in our CMakeLists.txt (and consequently in the slint-cpp-template)? The new `INITIALIZE_FROM_VARIABLE` will be visible to every user after all, since it's in `SlintMacro.cmake`.

A more complex alternative would be to implement the inheritance inside a gigantic generator expression, but TBH, I prefer your approach very much and I for one don't mind a version bump.

If you prefer to use Slint as an external CMake package, then you build Slint from source like a regular
CMake project, install it into a prefix directory of your choice and use `find_package(Slint)` in your `CMakeLists.txt`.

### Resource Embedding

> You may change the default resource embedding the Slint compiler will use via
> the `SLINT_EMBED_RESOURCES` target property, which accepts `as-absolute-path`,
> `embed-files` and `embed-for-software-renderer`. The latter optimizes for the
> Slint software-renderer and falls back to `embed-files` if that isn't used.
> 
> Typically you will want to effect resource embedding for all targets in a
> CMake project. This is done with the `DEFAULT_SLINT_EMBED_RESOURCES` option,
> which initializes the `SLINT_EMBED_RESOURCES` target property.
> 
> Typically you will want to set `DEFAULT_SLINT_EMBED_RESOURCES` to
> `as-absolute-path` for debug builds as this reduces build times. When doing a
> release, you will want to switch to `embed-files` to create self-contained
> binary that will work on all systems.

Reviewer: Two paragraphs starting with "typically" is a little weird IMO. Here's an alternative:

1) Introduce the problem
2) Describe the solution
3) Describe how to change it globally

```suggestion
By default, images or fonts that your Slint files reference are loaded from disk at run-time. This minimises build times, but requires that the directory structure with the files remains stable. If you want to build a program that runs anywhere, then you can configure the Slint compiler to embed such sources into the binary.

Set the `SLINT_EMBED_RESOURCES` target property on your CMake target to one of the following values:

* `embed-files`: The raw files are embedded in the application binary.
* `embed-for-software-renderer`: The files will be loaded by the Slint compiler, optimized for use with the software renderer and embedded in the application binary.
* `as-absolute-path`: The paths of files are made absolute and will be used at run-time to load the resources from the file system. This is the default.

This target property is initialised from the global `DEFAULT_SLINT_EMBED_RESOURCES` cache variable. Set it to configure the default for all CMake targets.
```
